README.md, before:

# Odin Recipes Assignment

*This assignment is part of [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/) curriculum.*

## Contents

A plain HTML recipe book website containing recipes for some of my favorite dishes.

Recipes included:

- Fettuccine Alfredo
- Scrambled eggs
- Butter Chicken

## Studying subjects covered

Everything covered in the HTML Foundations section of the Foundations course. In practice this covers all the necessary basics required to build a web page from scratch. 

This may be revisited in the future to add the styled elements.

## Notes

- This project made me feel kind of passionate to the detriment of spending optimal time on it, so I opted for generating descriptions for the dishes using ChatGPT to cut on time. No HTML has been produced using it, just the descriptions.
- I wanted to try out a workflow for image descriptions and content contributions, so as an extra I learned a bit about ``figure`` and ``figcaption`` tags that are used for images on all three recipe pages.
- I feel like I am going to sing this course high praises because of how much it lets me do without any hand holding involved whatsoever. This feels like a genuinely awesome exercise, and I see my university HTML/CSS course as well as freeCodeCamp in terms of references here. Much more enjoyable than either of the two so far, and, unlike the former in my case, it actually uses tools relevant in the year of our lord 2023.


## License attribution

- Fettuccine Alfredo - Photo by Ragadast, distributed under CC BY-NC 2.0 DEED - https://www.flickr.com/photos/radagast/5361139265
- Scrambled eggs - Photo by Andiedson Lima - https://www.pexels.com/photo/delicious-scrambled-eggs-15584737/
- Butter chicken - Photo by Prasanna Hede, distributed under CC BY-NC-SA 2.0 DEED - https://www.flickr.com/photos/123032845@N06/32773959960

Commit message:

Update project status in README.md

README.md, after:

# Odin Recipes Assignment

*This assignment is part of [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/) curriculum.*

## Contents

A plain HTML recipe book website containing recipes for some of my favorite dishes.

Recipes included:

- Fettuccine Alfredo
- Scrambled eggs
- Butter Chicken

## Studying subjects covered

Everything covered in the HTML Foundations section of the Foundations course. In practice this covers all the necessary basics required to build a web page from scratch. 

This webpage is being modified as I further commit myself to the Odin Project, especially as going through the CSS course.

## Notes

- This project made me feel kind of passionate to the detriment of spending optimal time on it, so I opted for generating descriptions for the dishes using ChatGPT to cut on time. No HTML has been produced using it, just the descriptions.
- I wanted to try out a workflow for image descriptions and content contributions, so as an extra I learned a bit about ``figure`` and ``figcaption`` tags that are used for images on all three recipe pages.
- I feel like I am going to sing this course high praises because of how much it lets me do without any hand holding involved whatsoever. This feels like a genuinely awesome exercise, and I see my university HTML/CSS course as well as freeCodeCamp in terms of references here. Much more enjoyable than either of the two so far, and, unlike the former in my case, it actually uses tools relevant in the year of our lord 2023.


## License attribution

- Fettuccine Alfredo - Photo by Ragadast, distributed under CC BY-NC 2.0 DEED - https://www.flickr.com/photos/radagast/5361139265
- Scrambled eggs - Photo by Andiedson Lima - https://www.pexels.com/photo/delicious-scrambled-eggs-15584737/
- Butter chicken - Photo by Prasanna Hede, distributed under CC BY-NC-SA 2.0 DEED - https://www.flickr.com/photos/123032845@N06/32773959960
